Okay, so this is the plan dot txt file. I am providing you with the link to the hackathon as well so that you can discover it more. That's one issue that you can't kind of like start typing otherwise it will interrupt the flow, but okay, so for the hackathon, we have lots of different prizes. I will also kind of speak through it and like what potential we have and like things and like what our plan is. - See you. The main projects that we want to go for are projects that have a best business plan, but it just gives you a price based on your strategy, but we want to actually implement the strategy within our project. And another one would be best use of a sponsor API or toolkit category. Basically this project has to be business related and the idea was essentially If you have a system where if let's say you had company data You could import all of that data into this one app and then you could get actual insights based on it through a multi-agent system. And We can use some synthetic data to actually do this project just for demonstration purposes, but The whole point is essentially using a multi-agent architecture we can just import let's say all your company data even though it's raw and through our application, it will give you insights on like actual business proposed plans on how to improve and like give you analytics that could actually help the company prosper like in an AI driven system. selecting a company i want it so that we have an agent that goes out there on the internet collects as much public data as that is available and downloads it and saves an artifact of that entry and i think we can also use like postgresql to store data like in our database and stuff and we can uh save that data uh and there will be one agent that is solely used for cleaning then there's one agent that is used for synthesizing the data and like kind of creating data for that file on like what kind of data it stores um then there's going to be one uh agent that could actually compare the different things that are there like you know compare these synthesis of the different Um... data that the data collector collected from public data websites and stuff like that. It can kind of scour the entire internet to get all of this data, but it needs to be credible data, not fake. And it needs to be relevant to the point where it actually brings insights into the application. Yeah. Two layers to it. One is the internal data process where the company will import its own private data to get results and insights out of it And the other would be public data where It depends on like, if you want to do competitive analysis or like theoretical analysis, like based on like public data or they're like business strategies, like sales, like just examples like that. Like we want to make it very simple to the point where it can be just one simple import button for a company to just import all like, let's say 200 files, which are extremely raw and could be unrelated as well. And there could be another agent that parses through all these files and categorizes them based on what, like, you know, like how similar two, three files could be. And based on that context, reach to a certain, Insight based on just those files like we need we need an aggregator where It can go through all the files and distinguish... Files that are useful, useless and I mean for our purpose let's use all the files so that we can get the maximum amount of insights as possible. Okay. You can go. Yeah. So continuing on what other bots there's going to be. So let me just read through what he mentioned here. two layers to it. One is internal private data, one is the company imports its private data to get results and sites out of it and then So yeah, yeah, yeah, correct. So the company is able to import its own private data as well on top of having public data scraper that already scrapes all of the data. That is something that we'll do so that we can test it on all the different companies. Um. Yeah, exactly. Makes sense. Like all of their business strategies and sales, we could kind of like, based on the data, there's going to be another agent that compares all of these synthesis that it has done on all of the public data and the private data that is collected. And it kind of crafts like different connections and like correlations between all of these data. Yes. And then he, as he mentioned, There could be an aggregator that can come up and create different datasets artifacts, basically like pieces and chunks of the data We want this to have as much data as possible so that it's not like just three of the data points were selected and that's creating a chart. No, I want a big amount of the data to continue ahead and Apart from that I want one which then kind of creates these data points, does all of the math calculation. Then there's going to be another agent that orchestrates all of this. So there's going to be one heavy brain and I want it so that that brain is going to be like an LLM of a higher power. It is going to be something that all of the agents will report to and that is going to be the one that decides what is the next step that needs to be done. If there's more data required, it will fire the public data agent again and stuff like that. So the plan is... We are aiming for winning the first place, obviously, and most technically impressive. I want that one as well. I want the best business plan as well. And I'm also going to upload all of the information about the... hackathon as well so that you understand as well what our aim with this project is. Since we have public data in this, there could be another scope where we could go for a social impact perspective, but this could be very minor for this project because we are going like 100% on the business route but If you have like in the plan.md file or That's fine. I'll ask it to create the plan.md file. So within that one file, you can have a social impact perspective as well based on like if you have public data out there, how does it actually help others, right? Like if you have some company that can get insights to help society. How could that be a good impactful You know, perspective out of it. And I think that's pretty much it. Nice. Okay. And then I was thinking if there's some way we could fit in best use of Gemini API and best use of 11 labs. We'll try to see if we can fit it. So keep it in scope. It is not a mandatory thing. Solana. Yeah, man. Hmm. I don't know what presage is, so give me a small understanding of what presage is and if there's any scope of implementing it in our project. Figure that out yourself. I don't know if we can use the best use of .tech to be honest. Maybe we could have the best use of .tech domain so that we can have like a cool URL to our thing, you know, might as well. But yeah, we can see how this works. I mean, if we're making it company local, then we can't make it online. It doesn't matter. We might as well. It's fine. So yeah, what I want you to do now is before we ideate on anything and work on anything, my final aim is to create a plan.md file and a project scope.md file. Come. ProjectScope.md file. The plan.md file is going to be the high-level file which talks about everything that I am thinking we should do in the plan. But... I do not want this plan.md file created until we discuss more about it. And the project scope.md file is going to be basically the plan.md file, but as much in-depth as possible, as many features as we could implement in it. I want the project scope to consider everything. So that's basically going to be an in-depth, extensive, very deep, completely researched and well thought about project scope on how we are going to implement and everything we're going to implement. From the smallest thing to the largest thing, every implementation is going to be mentioned in that file. Before we get started with the creation of the file, I wanted so that you ask me around at least 20 to 30 questions related to this project and this hackathon to clarify more about our scope on what we want to build and more about what we are trying to build with this project. I also want you to give me at least 30 to 50 more ideas on top of what we just talked about that would suit and fit our, um, project in the right way One more thing to kind of to add to that, just based on like small use cases that the app could do. It could also be used for like suggesting automation techniques that could be implemented within the... import within the imported data This doesn't need to, I mean, it also could be doing the automation for them and giving them a sample prototype to play with. But main thing for now would just be to ideate and based on what the raw data is given to the system. After all the questions that we do, like you asked me, I'm going to give you all of the responses back. What I want you to then provide me with is the prompt that I will give to cursor to create me the plan.md file and the project scope.md file. I want both of these files to be as in deep as possible. Plan.md is going to be everything that we are talking about in kind of human language explained in the right way. I also kind of will give you the different things that we have to input for the submissions so that we can keep this plan.md file updated with all of the ambitions and stuff that we have. Okay. go to installation So, just keep scrolling slowly. Keeps coming on. In a go to our project show submission or something. You're going to the wrong one. This one does not have any submission. Oh, you're... Oh, then old one you're saying? Yeah. View submission. My projects. It's my project. Thank you. So I want the plan.md file to include everything that we're talking about along with a section called as the title followed by a tagline followed by a single to two to three sentences description about the project followed by inspiration this is going to be a section where we talk about what inspired us in creating this application followed by a what it does section where we talk about like, at a high level what it does basically so like explaining our business strategy that we are creating that is Um. we allow businesses to kind of have this automated system that extracts all of their data. You can also kind of semi-autonomous system to be honest. You can also upload your private data as well on the system and we are going to keep it safe. Since right now it's locally, we are developing this app to be local. Okay. Thank you. Um... So yeah, it explains the business in Overall, yeah, just continue with the other areas now. I think that is pretty much it in terms of what the project needs to be and what we are going for. So Yeah. Wait, don't send it yet, yeah? Yeah. So the other sections were what? Apart from how Wait, go up, up, up. Did you talk about how we built it? Oh, no. Okay. So followed by the how what it does section I want it. I want a section for how we built it. I want this to be as in-depth as possible and divided in technical domain. with like basically break down the entire project in like the technical domain and at the same time include things about like front end, back end, AI related things, task execution system or whatever, you know, security related things, data and configuration. Followed by this section, I want the challenges we ran into section. This section could just be like paragraphs of all the different challenges we ran into that we can kind of keep populating as we complete the project. I want this to basically have a heading followed by like a small paragraph of what challenge we ran into. After this section, I want there to be accomplishments that we are proud of section. I want this to basically be kind of a similar format to the section above. Just a heading followed by a paragraph of why that is an accomplishment we're proud of. Followed by that section is what we learned. I want this to kind of have the same format again. heading for what we learned and then followed by a paragraph of that. Followed by that is going to be what's next for your project. And for that, we're going to like kind of have like what are the future plans basically. So that's what we're gonna have there. The next section after that is going to be built with. That built with section should contain the entire tech stack from the smallest to the largest thing, everything, library, frameworks, operating system, languages, tech stacks, API tools, any other tools. I'm using Cursor and Cloud, include that as well for sure. After that, yeah, that is pretty much it. After that, we're going to have a links section which will have the links to everything that we're going to be working and creating like the GitHub link and everything else. Um, So yeah, what I want you is to work with me on this two step plan. First step is going to be for you to ask me at least 20 to 30 questions related to the project and this hackathon and. give me an in-depth about how we can plan this hackathon and how we can plan this project, followed by at least 50-ish ideas on how we can make this project better, from the response that you give me i will answer all of your questions and from the other ideas that you gave me i will then talk about each and every idea if that is a good idea and we should implement it or not i wanted so that some of these 50 ideas like 10 20 of these ideas i wanted so that we can do it so that we can achieve the other price pools and we can fit in for the other ones as well it is just a place to brainstorm, but it's not mandatory. It's fine. We can have 50 complete unique extra ideas which could help the application grow and have a better scope or anything but yeah can you do that for me and after that when i give you the response to all of this what i want you to do is from all of the data that i gave you create me a plan.txt file, which kind of talks about everything that I told you in human language in exactly the way that I told and that I'm giving you this prompt and the next prompt that I'll give you. It will include all of that as a plan.txt. and it will at the end have a prompt that I will give to Cursor for it to create me the plan.md and the project scope.md file. And yeah, I have already explained what those files are. So be very aware of how to do this. Do this in a very optimized and efficient manner. Good luck. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, now I...


So now we have open speech. From the response that you gave us, let's go through the project scope and architecture and everything. The team size is two of us. I want it so that in all the domains you mentioned, front-end, back-end, AI agents, I think there's going to be only these three domains. I don't think there needs to be a DevOps domain, but it's fine. We can think about that later. We can keep one if we don't develop anything in it. It's whatever. And I want both of us to get almost about equal contribution in all of the fields in experience and work on things in every domain. For the second question, If you want, you can just start talking to the help box. For the second question, I would say we can keep it web app for now. we can have within the web app to have a local and public mode based on how much data is aggregated yeah yeah so it is going to be only a web application i want it so that we can run it from our terminal and cursor or any like ide uh basically there's going to be two terminals running at once one will be for Um... the actual application I wanted so that if we are creating web app, I want it to be Next.js and I want to use TypeScript for the entire project. I wanted to confirm and Uh, confirm on that part of it. Apart from that, The second one will be an olama server that will olama serve every time so that we can use olama as the LLM which will be the heavy model and the easy model kind of and that transitions to your third question for the orchestrator agent the brain. We are... those are all python libraries Yeah. I was thinking about land chain if you couldn't if you know what any of those would work I was thinking Olamar is the main one that I was... planning on using we could use lime chain for this part Um... is something that I was thinking, but Explain me the difference between LanChain, LanGraph, Krew AI, Autogen, versus a custom multi-agent framework that we'll create. so that I can confirm the response with you. After this, I want you to answer my follow-up questions and then based on that, ask me more questions if you have any, keep that set of questions concise. Um, so that i can give you more context on what i want but yeah for your fourth question which llm are you planning to use for the orchestrator Oh, no, no. Probably a thinking reasoning model within Olamar because since this is the main brain, we want a powerful agent. like a powerful LLM, but Within Olamar, I'm thinking of a reasoning thinking model just for that orchestrator and for each of the sub-agents. It could be a fast lightweight model. Yes. Agreed. So what I was thinking is there's going to be two main types of models that we use. One will be the heavy weightlifting model, which could be something that would work on both of the participants, which is Kartavya Singh and Shivam Kharangate. And I want it so that... both of their PCs. One has 16GB VRAM with 64GB DDR5 RAM and is i9-12900K CPU. And the other build is RTX 4070, which is 12 gigs VRAM. and has 32 GB DDR5 RAM and a Ryzen 7 7700X CPU as well. Yes, so a heavy model that would easily run and would not get offloaded to outside the GPU. So basically consumes less than 12 gigs of VRAM is what I'm aiming for, which has high reasoning and thinking is going to be this heavy weightlifting model. And the light model could be any lighter model, of the tasks that is in the scope of this project. And that is going to be the second type of LLM that we'll be using. And we'll be swapping between the LLMs as required for which agent is doing the work right now. you For the public data scraper agent, yes, I am thinking about real-time scraping per session. What I would want is that there is going to be an admin section and an admin is going to be able to play and pause the scraping session for a company and at a time only one company can be scraped for public data. I'll explain you why. But... I was also thinking within the web scraping, we could implement something like firecrawler one of those like tools out there for actually helping with the web scraping process or again this could be manual where we have another agent that handles the entire web scraping and parses all of the data and then structures it for another agent to use. for the sixth question postgreSQL are For this, no, we would suggest we only want to use PostgreSQL for storing because we don't want to have a rag of sorts. I don't think a vector database is really necessary for this project. We'll essentially just use PostgreSQL as our main powerhouse. So, yeah. and for the file formats that the For the data input, I am thinking, Prioritizing pdf csv excel Essentially anything. Essentially that is readable because at the end of the day, we are going to take all the text, like the raw text and extract it. And based on that, there will be another agent that actually... formats and makes insights out of that raw text. Spoiler. - For the eighth question, we were thinking we could just use you as a synthetic data generator, but that could be much later on when we have a prototype to play with. For now, we can keep three to four different types of applications of data that could be used, like how you said, SaaS, retail, healthcare, and logistics. I think. based on just very general... applications out there like one thing could just be like automation another thing just could be healthcare another thing like i mean like same what you have mentioned already but It needs to vary, but we can think about this later on. For the ninth question, I would say... Wait, wait, wait. So for quickly going back to the seventh question, what kind of formats? Any formats. CSV, Excel, JSON. I want it so that we have an agent that can classify which file type it is. And then we have an agent that is specialized in that domain so that it can work with that type of file type. So for PDF, we can have an agent that will be like RAG system. I think that's way too much. That's fine. I have done that for Career Signal. That's how you do it. uh Are you sure? Yes. Okay. But yeah, it could have a rack system as well for like text entries like PDF and plain text and stuff like that or like website itself. We can think about that in depth, but make sure to add this into the plan. Now going back to question nine. For question nine, I am thinking the ideal demo would just be The main... functionality what we are pitching where essentially you import data and you get actual usable insights out of it like suggestions plans automation strategies business strategies stuff like that like I mean, we can show the UI while we talk about the project very briefly. But the main thing would just be the entire functionality as a whole. So what I'm thinking is we may create a presentation which will be like an HTML file so that we can kind of have our website open as a second tab and have the presentation open as an HTML file on our browser. And we will be presenting through our HTML file, giving a presentation like a business pitch, you said? Yes. Like a business pitch, basically? And while inside that while we're explaining tech stack and stuff like that, we'll think about this presentation later on. But when we're explaining, I want to give a live demo of the agent as well and the walkthrough of the UI as well. So I want a mix of both basically. Essentially, even when we talk about best business plan, we want to make the point clear that we are looking to make an optimizer app in terms of data aggregation and actually making good insights out of raw data. So, For the next question, The main dashboard for now, I think... I feel we should have another agent where based on the, I mean, this could be combined with one of the previous agents that could be mentioned beforehand. But based on the data that is given one agent formats the data and actually makes it usable for another agent, and this other agent could decide what to do with that data. So if let's say you find time series data, that agent could decide oh since it is time series data I can make forecasting like graphs out of it. Like it could be very, granular and rudimentary because again we only have limited time on the project to do this And The next thing... And also kind of to add to that, we would also want to have some insights, tables, maybe like a conversational interface, like a chatbot where you could ask questions based on the insights that were generated so that the user gets more clarity as to what was given and why it was given. This could be like a very simple chatbot that only is integrated to what data it gives on that website as an output. Oh, and also on another thing that I thought about is we could also have a chat area where like many people from the business can go and ask for like creative graphs that they want to create for like presentable diagrams and stuff based on the company data that is already uploaded or they can also upload some more data of their own to ask and create for like specialized graphs for themselves. This is like an add-on to the application I thought about. And another thing that I just thought about as well, if let's say it simplifies the process when the data is given in the entirety of a whole, There could also be a prompt to the user where it asks, what type of insights are you trying to get? Are you trying to get predictive insights? Are you trying to get optimization insights? Are you trying to get automation strategies? Are you trying to get improvements within the business workflow? Stuff like that. Because we, again, need to aggregate all the raw data and actually formatted to a point where the user can get detailed insights of it. - So... you For the 14th question you asked about The app to generate actual run runnable scripts or workflows. I would have wanted to do that but it also could describe some of them. I think That is where most of our thing will go about. But if possible, like graphs, like you mentioned earlier, We can have that run in real time, but also if possible, we could have minute scripts based on what the data gives. And 15, of course, the data should be exportable as a PDF report. Has to be. Because we need that data to be more accessible once that data is outputted. You can go, it's tech stack questions. You can answer that. Well, you would. Yeah. Kinda. Okay, going back through the tech stack questions actually even before that for automation suggestions, do you want the app to generate actual renewable scripts workflows? I would want it so that it can create a demo. A short demo of how the automation would look like in action, but I don't think it would need to create the entire automation for them. It could create like a sample of their data in like a very small, like two, three questions and like basically have like a creative workflow, uh, Uh, Kind of a quick hand-built demo flow. Good. Yes, reportable, exportable, sorry, not reportable, exportable, and PDF report and CSV shareable link, all of those. for the chats, if it's possible, that is. For tech stack preferences, What front-end framework? I would say Next.js is what I'm thinking. I would want Anything that would not be too complicated to code. I'm aiming to use TypeScript. So yeah. Other than that, good luck. Yes, I'm open to using Gemini APIs as one of the LLMs to go for the price category. And if possible, I want this to be like an important, very crucial step of the process, like some sort of like, you know, a classifier that does the main rest or like that decides the rest of the pipeline on how it is going to work. I want... That kind of role to be done by Gemini API. See how in-depth I go with this. Yeah, I was gonna say. For 11 Labs, yes, I would want voice narration of the insights report. yes i would like it so that there's one of the ai chat one of the ai agents that creates uh Basically, podcast type voice narration for insights and reports. That good, yeah? Visualization libraries, yes. D3.js, absolutely. Chart.js, absolutely. Plotly, absolutely. Recharts, I haven't used it, but I think the first three are pretty good by itself because they're very versatile. So yeah, we would like to stick with that. Yeah, sure. And Plotly is also good. So yeah. Yeah. Hmm. API keys ready for the tools you want to use. We will get those when we wire those integrations up. It is not something that I'm worried about right now. Right now, add all of those to the... library like what we could use. Aim for the ones that do not require us to use APIs, like API keys, and does not like-- hard rate limiters on anything so that we are able to demonstrate the app freely without any limitation. Also, the budget for the entire application I am aiming to keep it as close as zero for the Gemini API. We will be getting credits from Gemini. That is why we are using that as one of the categories. But yeah, otherwise the aim for this entire project is to have a zero cost. This is very important. So keep this as one of the important parts. Do you have anything to add on to that? No, good. Okay. For prize and strategy, best social impact. I think this was yours, right? Do you have a specific societal use case in mind helping nonprofits analyze donor data, environmental monitor? I was thinking mainly in terms of environmental monitoring. I... This depends on what type of data that the company uploads. I was thinking in terms of When the data is imported, There could be another section on how this data and the insights it will give could actually benefit society as a whole. like based on how the project is, how the data is analyzed and how it is actually actually usable to a point where society benefits out of it. I know this is business related but that could be a separate section if the data has something to show for it. Most of the data I'm assuming will be local so it could not be there but If we have public data as a thing, We could add that too. Yes, and to add on to that, yes, like the example that you gave helping nonprofits analyze donor data, helping startups analyze their sales data, you know, that kind of thing so that it is going to help and it's a free to use tool, you know, it's a local free to use tool. Anyone can clone the repository and use it. Bam, it is helping very like lots of people. For Solana, I read that question. I was thinking I want it to be added as a very small layer which could be completely skippable. I want it so that I don't care if that feature does not get implemented, it does not affect the entire pipeline. I don't want anything depended on the Solana implementation. Take Solana in that scope, but don't keep it as a priority. Does that sound right? Okay, for pre sage or presage. I don't know how you pronounce that whatever could it focus as a current fit as a focus stress detection duty during data review Let's not focus on that. Let's not focus on that, but think of an agent that does this which can be skipped as well, does not affect the pipeline even if it fails or even if the implementation does not go through. think of it like that what are we thinking about just yeah just a cool url Just a cool URL. And last one, what's your honest... Well, for the 25th question, I am thinking in terms of the MVP we should have something that actually gets The insights from raw data. But for us, For our MVP scope, we are thinking In general, we should have an agent architecture that does if not everything, most of the fundamental things that it should do but In a single sentence? import the data from a company, get actual insights out of it and recommend strategies on how you could improve based on what is currently given. That is the main MVP idea and It essentially is meant for company success and to benefit society in terms of how you could improve. I think that's it. sounds about right so now that kind of wraps up all the questions you asked from these questions all the follow-up questions that I gave you or we gave you I want it so that you answer those follow-up questions and give ideas based on what I talked about and then I'll follow up with that and only after that I want you to create me the entire plan dot txt I'll followed by a cursor prompt that makes it create the plan dot MD and the project scope dot MD file that I gave you the instructions about now we will continue on with the expansion ideas that you gave me so for the core agent enhancements I like the confidence scoring agent I like that because that can kind of help us how confident we are with a structure that we are creating you know that that's a good idea right I saw it in here. You were doing confidence scoring agent. Each inside gets a confidence score because that can kind of like have us do a data quality kind of thing, you know, with the project. I mean we're technically doing that based on the aggregator agent right? Yes, the aggregator is going to mix the data up the way that we would want it so that we can take insights out of it. It decides based on raw data what is usable and what is useless. So, okay, that could be integrated within the confidence scoring agent is going to be much before that confidence scoring agent could be like multitasking where it can score the confidence for like the first file that we're downloading how confident it is that it is the right file you know the places that we're visiting the how confident it is that we should do that before you do get to the aggregator this is the confidence scorer which kind of like i feel it's extra but we can do it because i was thinking it could be as simple as taking Like... push everything and then the aggregator will just decide what to put okay okay i see that is also a good idea the aggregator way then yeah i think we could go with the aggregator way as well but we can have a small implementation for this which we could occasionally use for some niche cases so it's fine Data provenance tracker. Every insight links back to which file it was generated, a source file that it was generated from. Yeah. Oh yeah, we should. Yeah, we should have that. We should have that. I think that is necessary. Yeah. Conflict detection agent flags when two data sources contradict each other. Well, that is kind of a warning. Yeah, but it's like a good business insight tool, you know? So yeah, that is kind of what our application is trying to be. Catch inconsistencies. Yeah, inconsistencies. It could do that. It would kind of show like if a CEO does not know that someone in the company is misreporting or being inconsistent. Yeah. Yeah. Like this app could help them find that, you know? Yeah. I mean, again, business optimization. So like, yeah, it's a good idea. Trend forecasting agent. Use time series data to, predict future KPIs. I mean, I feel that should be a very default use case because a lot of the data what I am assuming will be old data. And it could also be production data that has been used in the past and some companies would want to decide how to go about it. So I feel Time series forecasting is going to be a very... crucial but Like, it'll be a necessary... basically for a company When they are logged in, I want it so that there's a toggle which allows them to turn this feature on or off. If they want trend forecasting, they can have it on and that will generate insights then and like show them charts and stuff on their dashboard, the main dashboard which will show all of this insights. which is very important that the way we are going to be planning and placing all of the things. I just thought about something. It could be also beneficial in the beginning if the agent asked the user what type of use case they are trying to get out of their data. If they said predictive forecasting, if they said automation, the agent could change its behavior based on that and focus on data that is only necessary to that use case. Oh yeah, that is also good. Like the public scraper kind of... targets the kind of data that it's trying to search. So that if they want automation related things, then it will try finding data that could help us figure out if the company can implement automations of a certain kind. Right. Okay. And then it only tries to find data which will help us help the aggregator get most hits on the right data collected kind of side. Yeah. And like use that data. Because we don't want processing to be wasted over data which is not useful I think this step would be crucial because the agent would be able to also decide which files are the most high priority to focus on and based on that make good insights because again we are dealing with data here. We need it to be as accurate as we can, not stay away from what it's actually supposed to do. Anomaly detection agent automatically flags statistical outliers in imported data. Not necessary. That is kind of like the cleaning data agents work that it just cleans it off. Right. I think that is how I would... You would again aggregate stuff which is important and which is not important. Unless if it's a very... highly think that could destroy the company or stuff like that which is actually important on a High level? Sure, we can mention it on a very low basis. then industry bench Nah, I don't want number six. Yeah, I don't want number six. Number seven. No, number seven is, uh, you know, actually number six is kind of good. It can kind of give you an insight of like where your company stands in the industry. But I feel the public data won't be enough to make that classification. Public data is just going to be like, let's say Apple does phones, Samsung does phones, unless there is actual statistical data online to say how many phones. phones apple has sold hub which is more publicly available i don't i think it is going to be there but it's not that easy to get it's gonna be hard to achieve exactly yeah i would focus entirely on local data Public could be a very small, but like, I would suggest keep this idea in, but this is not something that we will implement in the MVP. That is, if we are able to complete the core scope with time to spare, this is something that could be a future goal. Right? Yes. I like this idea as a future goal. regulatory regulatory compliance agent checks if company data practices aligns with public regulation no, we're not doing that sentiment analysis agent as you analyzes customer reviews social yes yes we should have that yes that's good Supply chain risk agent. Identify risks based on news, public filings and commodity data. Minute. You know, again, like how we talked about like initially when they were setting up their company, the track that they chose based on that, this could be a thing or not be a thing. In a track, there could be one track which kind of just talks about like everything related to the company and politics or something like that. For that, this could be useful. Bro, you know what I just thought? What? If let's say... I couldn't read. I was thinking in the beginning, when you make the choice, right? That choice could be a specific... that could be a specific what agent like if let's say you choose supply chain then there is a specific supply chain agent and that could be the orchestrator so based on the initial path chosen there's four different main x like super main pipelines those four pipelines have their own series of agents and these agents are kind of like mixed used in all of the pipelines but it's based on which way you wanted to use the application which kind of business insight you wanted about your app there will still be some overlap but We can keep that idea. Yeah, the overlap is there. Yeah, agents are going to reuse the agents across all the pipelines. Even with the different applications. Like if let's say you say supply chain and then you say automation for supply chain. Yeah. Yeah, I see what you're trying to say. So yeah, there can be overlap. Absolutely. So consider this part as well and think about it and mention about it in the thing. There's this much. Let's let's go with it. Let's try to speed the rest of it up. Like literally two lines each. Smart file categorizer, auto tags, uploaded files as financial marketing operations. Well, that can help aggregator again. Yeah, aggregator itself, but it can help the aggregator by providing it metadata beforehand. could be part of the data could be the part of the data processing chain or like the pipeline you know duplicate detector minute we are focused based on what data is actually usable if it's duplicate then sure no worries we don't need to actually flag it we just need analysis out of it and from what i understand in our app there is a good chance there could be duplicates so You can flag it, but have a check to see if it's duplicated to the point that you know it's the same file so we don't want repeat. files to be used for analysis. then data freshness no need it's fine multi-format extracts yeah we should have that by default by default exactly entity extraction layer Hmm. I don't know about 15. I don't know if it's ethically allowed to do this, then yes. Otherwise, no. Yeah, we again are only focused on The insights and analytics. Yeah, we don't want to get in trouble. Yeah. Knowledge graph builder maps relation between entities across all data. This is very good. This should be by default. This should be one of the main important agents. And within the aggregator based on the data, it makes the knowledge graph as well. So that it gives the user a choice to click on a specific node. and they can go in depth about that. okay incremental ingestion only reprocesses files that changed since the last run Who said we're ingesting every time we run? ingestion is gonna be one time and stores are in the database if let's say the user wants to do incremental then Maximize it to just two to three files. or like 10 files more That is only in the event if they forget a file. Yeah, I guess But it should be one single import in and out finished. One import in, results out, done. 18 is pretty important. 18 is pretty important. PG vector semantic search. Let users search their entire data set in natural language. That was kind of like one of the important features as well. Like a main feature that based on all the data set there is for a company. And like there's a lot of classification done and everything. I want all of this classification for all the data sets to be set like saved as metadata. of the files that we have and also want it so that the natural language can use this to like this metadata will be used to kind of orchestrate a rack system for the for this natural language and we can provide context to kind of answer questions for the users and also create like graphs as per their request if that graph is possible to be created you know but yeah this is this should be one of the important like main features automated SWOT analysis my I would say very weakness operate opportunities and threats from data yeah minute executive summit one click board ready summary of all yes oh yes yeah executive summary generator yes absolutely strategic recommendation engine proposes concrete next Yes, we should have this and this should be like a by default engine that is attached to the orchestrator because the orchestrator is the one that is going to be kind of orchestrating what happens next so this strategic recommendation engine should help the orchestrator in figuring out the next step to continue on with like what we should do next you know so that we never stop the pipeline the pipeline just keeps continuing and keeps looking for more insights and like more graphs and data that we can display. ROI estimated. Estimates the financial impact Possible but minute. Yeah could be an addition. OKR alignment checker matches data insights to user defined business goals. This could again be what is prompted in the beginning based on what Like application they want to really focus on this could be focused on that. Yeah. Risk matrix generator visual risk was like no not happening. Market sizing estimates. Nope, no. Yes, live feed. Absolutely. We want to have real time logs of what each agent is doing and which agent is actively working and things like that. like a collapsible bin kind of thingy where in short it shows like it's actively running so that the user is aware that the data is kind of currently being fed and like worked upon and if they drop it down it drops like an entire console like that area, small area where there's timestamps and like how the pipeline started, which pipeline started, which pipeline was chosen, things like that. All the decisions that has already been taken by the user, it kind of displays that followed by like the orchestrator starting and then like all the agents kind of like responding and adding a log with like everything that they get so that the user kind of can see and track what is happening live in time as well so yes absolutely this should be a major part of the project. Insight explainer mode. Click any chart or insight to get a plain English explanation of why. Sure. We should have that but I think that should again be integrated if we are making a chatbot within the insights. It could be one or the other. I wouldn't want both because We should simplify this, but we should have an insight explainer for sure. Then... Dark mode, light mode. Not a priority. Make a file upload with instant file type detection and preview. No, I don't care about that auto like directly adding a file from the file explorer also works. I don't care about the drag and drop feature. progress tracker visual prevention yes yes we should have that Insight voting, team members can upvote, downvote. Yeah, sure. That should again be based on the initial thing because again, the agent should be able to decide a plan based on what the user actually wants to use the application for. Like the agent will prompt in the beginning, what application are you trying to really get insights out of? Yeah. Mobile responsive dashboard. no we don't want that no it doesn't matter it's going to be a desktop application ElevenLabs The app needs the executive summary and a professional Yeah, yeah, let's do this. Let's do this. Yes, I would like this added. so that it can just be there conversational data analysis ask questions verbally get spoken answers about your data sure this could be a part of the ai chat that we're talking about like how chat gpt and stuff has that you can click on this thing and it activates a voice model you can talk to it about your data sure This could be a small feature. conversational data analysis that's what we talked about audio report export no don't care voice alerts alerts for anomalies when the anomaly agent fires it speaks the alert aloud i don't care gemini for long context document analysis sure sure if it if it can yeah if we have enough credits we'll decide while we're implementing it and also if the model is good enough to have that massive oh yeah we could also use gemini vision for analyzing charts and graphs sure in the pdf sure if it is good again if it is not then Like, I mean, I'm assuming it would be good enough if we, if that is the only option. I would like to rely on Ollama more than Gemini just in general, but we could rely on Gemini for some of the sub-agent tasks as well. Yes, absolutely. Multimodal input. Let user upload photos of whiteboards, sticky notes, handwritten data. Yes, yeah. Maybe. It just adds latency, bro. I mean, we are trying to make every type of file accessible. Sure, yeah. This could be a feature. Social impact angle, non-profit mode, free tier, especially for NGOs to analyze impact data. No, no. No, don't do that. Yeah, that social impact, bro. I mean, again, it's just a project, bro. Bro, I feel with the amount of ideas we have. Listen, listen, listen. It is way too much. Listen, our project may start out public in the repo. After that, I have a way to make it private and create a public version of it with all the sensitive data hidden. like every reproducible part cancelled out I have a way to do it. I literally did it for my website and career signal. My concern is there is so much project scope to it. That is what my concern is right now. Yeah, this just means that I just... There are so many... Now that I think about it, there are so many business analytics you could get out of... That you don't want to give this out for free. No, for the submission pitch is what I'm saying. Like This is just saying that you just write, we're going to give this application to every NGO. All of you. Impact, get your analysis on the data. I'm just saying the scope is... I don't mind it, but it should be attainable is what I'm concerned with. Yeah, let's go ahead. It doesn't matter. Basically, I don't care about that question. Job market analyzer, scrape public job data to show local employment trends for policy makers. Food security, No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Later on bro white label offering let consulting firms brand the platform as their own no, this is copyrighted we do not want to on the license we want to mention that this is not reproducible. no matter what happens. Data marketplace. Companies can opt to sell anonymized industry benchmarks to peers. I don't care. Subscription intelligence reports, weekly auto-generated reports emailed to stakeholders. We can think about it. That is a medium. Future plan. Future plan. Future plan. I do not want to answer the rest of your questions. It's fine. Figure the rest of it out yourself. I'm just going to read through it, but I'm not answering any of it. Uh, don't care. Solana, don't care. Solana, don't care. Tech domain don't care. Animated agent, orchestration diagram, visual graph showing agents talking to each other in real time. Yes. Yes. I do want to do this for the demo factor. Yes, I do want this feature. I want it to be there so that the user, other than just looking at agent logs, can also see a visual graph of how the agents have orchestrated amongst themselves. So like a figure over time. Company health score, don't care. Before, after view, don't care. Shareable insight cards, don't care maybe. One-click sample demo mode, I don't care. Hackathon specific Easter egg, hidden revolution UC mode that shows UC demo data. No, it's fine. Thanks.